This morning's class is about first aid, or giving someone basic medical help.
Let's imagine an accident. A boy is lying at the bottom of the stairs.
He isn't moving or making a sound. He is in pain.
What can we do to help him?
First of all, find out what's wrong with him.
How do we do that? Ask him.
Okay, but he could have trouble hearing you or speaking to you.
Shout for help. Call 120.
Good idea. But what should we do before help arrives?
Make him comfortable.
And how can we do that?
Lift him up and sit him on a chair.
No. That could be harmful.
You could drop him and hurt him even more.
Betty, you must know.
You did some basic medical training.
Make sure he's warm. Cover him with a coat.
That's such good advice that you could be a doctor, Betty.